Incremental vs. Radical = degrees of change
Sustaining vs. Disruptive = dimensions of change
i.e. hard disc -> SSD
Disruptive tends to be technically simple... problem is a business one not technical

Technology improves in S curves, slow to understand, rapid in growth, slow in maturity

Technology improvements overshoots market demand, creating a vacuum at the lower end. When computers became too powerful and laptops became powerful enough, consumers pivoted.

Set up a separate division does not work, since organizational values get in the way. A better alternative is to acquire a small company or to create a spin off that is separate from the parent company. Do not arrange resources such that there is competition between the parent company and this other entity. Processes and values will impede if given the chance, so do not let this happen. 

Resource allocations in a large company naturally push the companys products upstream rather than downstream. Some theories posit that it is the senior management's fault, but boiling it down, ideas are first filtered by the people themselves based on organization values, then middle managers before they ever get to senior management. 

It is difficult to respond to a disruptive attack because mainstream customers control resource allocation in large companies. Small markets don't provide sufficient growth for large companies. APplications for disruptive technologies are not obvious from the outset, making them less likely to be pursued by large established firms. Strengths in sustaining innovations such as the process, capabilities, and values of a company are disabilities in disruptive innovation. 

But a large organization should be wise to remember that first mover advantages are much more pronounced in disruptive technology than sustaining ones. 

To engage in disruptive innovation, large organizations should create a spin off or acquire a small comapny and run it as its own business, with separate values, resource allocation, and processes from the parent company. 

Emerging markets are unknowable ahead of time (to both customers and suppliers) so its important to plan for learning and discovery rather than execution and success. Act as if forecasts are wrong and success is not what lies ahead. Conserve resources. Learn first. Perfect based on learnings. Organizations that penalize failure will have the hardest time pursuing disruptive innovation.

IN large companies, people are actually the easiest to change. Its the processes and values that are more stubborn. Mckinsey is a striking example of this phenomena. Despite churning through hundreds of MBAs every year, it does well do to well established processes and values. 

In small companies, people are more impactful than processes and values. 
